hey guys so we're here in my shop and I
got my John Deere r72 in here
I'm not sure what year it is if you guys
know what year it is or have any idea
leave a comment below but anyway so yeah
middle of winter broke out the lawnmower
because going to work on it a bit since
I got some consider a nice little shop
do it in all warm during the winter so
going to have a whole lot going think
it's in okay condition it runs this is a
different engine and the one that stock
on it I put that on last summer it needs
a little bit of work and the paint's
kind of you know it's got some rods
missing the battery cover and solar
stuff so yeah just going to kind of
spend a few weekends gotta pull the deck
off put a new blade on it and pretty
sure the bearing the blade goes on is
probably bad so matter of fate replace
that paint it out luckily most of the
lettering on it is okay so I think I can
just mask over it and then paint
everywhere else and it'll still look
good so yeah getting over here with
restorer though oh excuse me sitting
over here has been a chore because I
drove all the way from that shed and
come over there and onto a packed trail
and up here it made it but it did oh
yeah some of the problems with it is
it's gotta kinda noise kinda I figured
out what it is is it's a pulley that
like when the deck tips or something the
pulley rubs on another pulley and it
doesn't meet up on a break cue here I'll
show you
so I'm going to figure that out and get
that fixed
I may even put some lights on it anyone
up in here somewhere
I don't know outside yet so yeah another
one of my projects if you guys have any
idea of where I can buy like the
stickers and steps go on it leave a
comment below and yeah me watch what's
going on